
We’re proud to celebrate this milestone moment with Republic Polytechnic, our first neurodiversity awareness session in a tertiary institution. The energy, openness, and commitment shown by the RP community reaffirm the importance of bringing lived experience, neuroscience, and practical strategies together to support neurodivergent learners.

A big thank you to Gene Kam Kim for making this collaboration possible, and to the RP faculty and staff who embraced the conversation with such enthusiasm.

This is only the beginning.
If your organisation or institution is ready to build neuro inclusive environments, support neurodivergent talents, and unlock the strengths they bring, we’d love to connect.
View Hazleen Ahmad’s graphic link
Hazleen AhmadHazleen Ahmad  
 • 1stPremium • 1st Global Systems Architect for Progressive Futures | Strategic Foresight Consultant | Women, Youth & Neurodiversity Advocate | MSc Applied Neuroscience | Oxford Saïd Alumni | Ex EMAAR Ex Gulf Finance Gp | Impact EcosystemGlobal Systems Architect for Progressive Futures | Strategic Foresight Consultant | Women, Youth & Neurodiversity Advocate | MSc Applied Neuroscience | Oxford Saïd Alumni | Ex EMAAR Ex Gulf Finance Gp | Impact Ecosystem 5mo • Edited • 
 5 months ago • Edited • Visible to anyone on or off LinkedIn
Neurodiversity in Tertiary Education: A Neuroscience Perspective🧠 

We had the privilege of hosting a groundbreaking session at Republic Polytechnic.

Understanding Neurodiversity: Reducing Stigma, Fostering Understanding, and Unlocking Potential.

This session was about raising awareness and equipping educators, lecturers, and students with the tools to foster inclusivity and support neurodiverse individuals in tertiary education. 

Highlights of the Session:
1️⃣ Neuroscience Insights:
We delved into the latest neuroscience research, exploring how neurodiverse brains process information differently and how these differences can be harnessed as strengths in educational settings. 
2️⃣ Interactive VR Experience:
Participants stepped into the ADHD mind through IMPULSE: 
Playing with Reality, an award-winning VR experience that provided a firsthand understanding of the challenges and opportunities faced by neurodiverse individuals. 

3️⃣ Lecturer Support:
We discussed practical strategies for lecturers to create inclusive classrooms, from adapting teaching methods to leveraging assistive technologies. 

A heartfelt message from Gene Kam to my team: 

“Thank you Hazleen Ahmad Nurhayati Sabandi , Farzana Mohsin , Azlena Maria Abu Bakar . Atiq Idris , and Sindhu Chengad for leading this impactful session. 

Your expertise and passion for neurodiversity shone through every moment.

I felt that the content was pitched just right and the interactive portions (small group discussion, VR tryout) made the session more engaging.

Based on your individual interactions with some of the participants, I believe you see for yourself that it has been effective.

Further proof of this is how we can bring this session to a wider audience, especially among our students e.g. incorporating it into one of our modules.

Your presence and support was a huge boost – this unified front we show sends a strong message that Institute of Neurodiversity Singapore is serious about what we aim to achieve.

Here’s to the next step(s)!”

What’s Next?
The positive feedback has sparked discussions on scaling this initiative. 

We’re exploring partners and ways to integrate neurodiversity awareness into tertiary curriculum and provide ongoing support for lecturers and students. 

This is just the beginning. 

We can create a future where neurodiversity is not just understood, 

And every individual has the opportunity to thrive in tertiary education and beyond. 

Thank you to everyone who participated and supported this initiative. 

Let’s continue to push boundaries and foster inclusivity. 

Contact us to organise a session at your institution or organisation. 

May Abdalla 
john hunter 

https://lnkd.in/d6W2ZtFb

hashtag#Neurodiversity hashtag#Neuroscience hashtag#TertiaryEducation hashtag#Inclusion hashtag#LecturerSupport hashtag#IONSG hashtag#NeurodiversityGlobal
